stabilization template, docs (#2219)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/implementing_new_features.md

[here]: ./stabilization_guide.md
[tracking issue]: #tracking-issues
[add-feature-gate]: ./feature-gates.md#adding-a-feature-gate

## Call for testing

> Once the implementation is complete, the feature will be available to nightly users, but not yet part of stable Rust. This is a good time to write a blog post on [one of the Rust blogs](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/) and issue a call for testing (here are two example [blog](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2024/08/09/async-closures-call-for-testing.html) [posts](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2024/09/05/impl-trait-capture-rules.html) to give you the idea). The post should highlight how the feature works, what areas you'd like people to play with, and how they can supply feedback.

Author: ```suggestion
Once the implementation is complete, the feature will be available to nightly users, but not yet part of stable Rust. This is a good time to write a blog post on [one of the Rust blogs](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/) and issue a call for testing (here are three [example](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2021/08/03/GATs-stabilization-push.html) [blog](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2024/08/09/async-closures-call-for-testing.html) [posts](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2024/09/05/impl-trait-capture-rules.html) to give you the idea). The post should highlight how the feature works, what areas you'd like people to play with, and how they can supply feedback.
```

> Once the implementation is complete, the feature will be available to nightly users, but not yet part of stable Rust. This is a good time to write a blog post on [one of the Rust blogs](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/) and issue a call for testing (here are two example [blog](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2024/08/09/async-closures-call-for-testing.html) [posts](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2024/09/05/impl-trait-capture-rules.html) to give you the idea). The post should highlight how the feature works, what areas you'd like people to play with, and how they can supply feedback.

Author: I wanted to include the capture rules because that post made an effort to explain the thinking behind the feature, educate people about Rust, etc, which I think is a useful thing to do.

> Once the implementation is complete, the feature will be available to nightly users, but not yet part of stable Rust. This is a good time to write a blog post on [one of the Rust blogs](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/) and issue a call for testing (here are three [example](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2021/08/03/GATs-stabilization-push.html) [blog](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2024/08/09/async-closures-call-for-testing.html) [posts](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2024/09/05/impl-trait-capture-rules.html) to give you the idea). The post should highlight how the feature works, what areas you'd like people to play with, and how they can supply feedback.

Reviewer: There is also the [call-for-testing section](https://this-week-in-rust.org/blog/2025/01/22/this-week-in-rust-583/#calls-for-testing) in TWIR. I think some of us have been trying to use it more often[^1].

It might useful to mention it for feature that are maybe to small for a full scale blog post. Although from my experience it effect is minimal at best.

[^1]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/131204#issuecomment-2569314526

> Once the implementation is complete, the feature will be available to nightly users, but not yet part of stable Rust. This is a good time to write a blog post on [one of the Rust blogs](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/) and issue a call for testing (here are three [example](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2021/08/03/GATs-stabilization-push.html) [blog](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2024/08/09/async-closures-call-for-testing.html) [posts](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2024/09/05/impl-trait-capture-rules.html) to give you the idea). The post should highlight how the feature works, what areas you'd like people to play with, and how they can supply feedback.

Reviewer 2: nitpick: for accessibility it is generally advisable to have link text describe what the link actually is, since one of the navigation tools for blind folks is "jump between links".

I would suggest something like this:
```suggestion
Once the implementation is complete, the feature will be available to nightly users, but not yet part of stable Rust. This is a good time to write a blog post on [one of the Rust blogs](https://github.com/rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org/) and issue a call for testing (here are three example blog posts: [The push for GATs stabilization](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2021/08/03/GATs-stabilization-push.html), [Async Closures MVP: Call for Testing!](https://blog.rust-lang.org/inside-rust/2024/08/09/async-closures-call-for-testing.html), [Changes to `impl Trait` in Rust 2024](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2024/09/05/impl-trait-capture-rules.html) to give you the idea). The post should highlight how the feature works, what areas you'd like people to play with, and how they can supply feedback.
```
... and also argue that it's nicer for abled folks as well -- now you can more clearly see that there are 3 links and it's clear what each blog post is about, so you don't have to click on it to learn that.

Reviewer 3: Fixed listing

## Affiliated work

> Once the feature is supported by rustc, there is other associated work that needs to be done to give users a complete experience:

Reviewer 2: I would say that all of the currently listed things _**are**_ de-facto blocking.

> Once the feature is supported by rustc, there is other associated work that needs to be done to give users a complete experience:

Reviewer 4: For rust-analyzer it depends on the feature really. Imo we don't need to fully support something (see async closures for example). A blocking concern is if the feature degrades the user experience by existing while rust-analyzer hasn't implemented it yet, think new syntax that r-a can't parse -> bogus diagnostics, type inference changes -> bogus diagnostics. I think in fact, its mainly whether a change will make r-a emit false diagnostics due to lacking support, though there might be more things I can't think of right now.
